Document live and draft feature (#76)
alphagov/forms: design/features/live-draft/README.md

## Live and draft
The ability to make a draft of a live form to prepare changes to it. You can then make all the changes live at the same time, and at an appropriate time.

### Problems we tried to solve

- GOV.UK Forms had no way of making safe changes to a live form, without lots of disruption for end users. This was a [decision made](https://github.com/alphagov/forms/blob/main/decision-record/DR007-form-is-live-first-then-add-draft.MD) to enable GOV.UK Forms to make the first form live 
- When form creators made a change to a live form each change was applied immediately - each time this could affect anyone who might be filling in the live form at the time
- There was no way to make a group of changes all live at a certain date or time

> - Form creators didn't have a way to prepare a group of changes that could be shared and reviewed before making them live

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Form creators did not have a way to prepare a group of changes that could be shared and reviewed before making them live
```
